hi to all those who are 96 today I will show the video solution of the
mission merry christmas kettler armani carried out professional difficulty live
tv assassinating france bingham hello under the miles and
you will find yourself first
in this path black pirans walk until you reach east the sheet
the walk lift attached to the wall to keep you from going back to the camera
queen entered the elevator
the first floor
the climb will begin
to the next floor
there will also be a civilian to keep me company, ignore him
let's all wait for the doors to open
to be able to pass
wide next that the doors are open
you have to go to a corridor with many doors to do it
continue to this 2 pools in a tivo cell
jardin gam
in another there is none
enter this door after which the network will run
the exam is always straight in practice
open this door two doors
always straight
until the end
of the corridor with this door that characterizes
the stairs go down this flight of stairs
Once you get on stage and select your gun letters
silenced
it was the pool that long ago
mat so it will die
the prior t voice adobe lindam
then go up the stairs
position yourself lowered
behind this door
near this door
you will have to wait for a guard hendrix logically the guard not me
will see
once you enter, you stealthily walk through the stairs
whoever watches the guard will come to pass
you have to take them
the daring
downloader the body clothes real bodyguard
once I took the clothes
exit the door where you entered first
keep going straight, open the new door two doors in practice the path
found
milk and continue to this waterfall
slaughtered where there are these two guards who is fan award and who joins
that door
call this elevator you will have to go to the studio
then select study
rt wait for the elevator to reach the next coconut
rota jajaja subsequent entries this brought antex
with the heart over you enter this you will be the videotape
would be the goal
and this is nothing more than killing me
the two objective years you will have to steal
also this videocassette logically you have to wait cow has turns and
I look away from you so you can
try the videotape not found videotape
killed by this door you will see go to the room
delpa May 13 of the lingam
in practice the second objective of the mission
so position yourself
more or less
franklin this.
and dre text select the map to see where it is
the charming father ellingham a horse we logically killed
adelina us but the son
so it's getting closer
you hardly mind the dog
because there will also be a dog with him
even if in good bar you can take fright
came at know then paddy mitchell - in da hood
and push it 18
then kill the dog with the silenced pistol the only thing to do
otherwise it will follow me then exit
open this other door
and this during public returns
the first lift selected and always close up
the elevator descent will begin
ok
we arrived alps the sail guarded port rear guard fabric and net
passage to the waterfall vs. photographer
to the nth corridor
always add to the last to port
to then take
your clothes these clothes the clothes of agent 47
once taken the clothes continue from the door
and you have to make dinoil corridors backwards
then open the door again two doors
then turn around
she's gone out
there will be a new swimming pool
after which you will have to escape
from the mission
in practice it is coming to an end
calls
the lift
you have to wait a bit because there is no civilian going up and then
the elevator will put us
quite a lot of
once you are there you select and dock
and it goes down
great to wait for the elevator
then the apps that the doors open
once you open the doors you always walk on the wall to do it
review from the camera that just like that jumps over the elevator
and then you simply have to run away
exit the mission
as usual, there will be details as you did at the mission
the thankfulness is time
the mission completely
after that logically
I'll be there
even the lion
the balance and then newspaper nta3 we mention goes we can results in throttle train
see you later